lab-1/README.md, before:

# Documentation Terraform - Provisionnement d'une Infrastructure AWS

Cette documentation explique ce que fait le code Terraform fourni, et décrit les étapes à suivre pour provisionner les ressources AWS. Le code crée un **Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)** et un **sous-réseau (subnet)** dans la région `eu-west-3` d'AWS (Paris).

## Étapes pour provisionner les ressources

### 1. Installation de Terraform

Avant de commencer, assurez-vous que Terraform est installé sur votre machine. Si ce n'est pas le cas, téléchargez et installez Terraform depuis le site officiel : [terraform.io](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html).

### 2. Création du fichier de configuration Terraform

Créez un fichier nommé `main.tf` et copiez-y le code suivant :

```hcl
# Configuration du fournisseur AWS
provider "aws" {
  region     = "eu-west-3"
  access_key = "XXX"      # Remplacez par votre clé d'accès AWS
  secret_key = "XXXXX"     # Remplacez par votre clé secrète AWS
}

# Création d'un VPC
resource "aws_vpc" "dev-env-vpc" {
  cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
}

# Création d'un sous-réseau dans le VPC
resource "aws_subnet" "dev-env-subnet-1" {
  vpc_id             = aws_vpc.dev-env-vpc.id
  cidr_block         = "10.0.10.0/24"
  availability_zone  = "eu-west-3a"
}

Commit message:

(lab:1):vpc and subnet provisioning with terraform + aws translate Fr -> EN :|

lab-1/README.md, after:

# Documentation Terraform - Provisioning an AWS Infrastructure

This documentation explains what the provided Terraform code does and outlines the steps to provision AWS resources. The code creates a **Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)** and a **subnet** in the `eu-west-3` AWS region (Paris).

## Steps to Provision Resources

### 1. Install Terraform
Before you begin, ensure Terraform is installed on your machine. If not, download and install Terraform from the official site: [terraform.io](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html).

### 2. Create the Terraform Configuration File
Create a file named `main.tf` and paste the following code into it:

```hcl
# AWS Provider Configuration
provider "aws" {
  region     = "eu-west-3"
  access_key = "XXX"      # Replace with your AWS access key, corresponding to an IAM user with Admin role
  secret_key = "XXXXX"     # Replace with your AWS secret key
}

# Create a VPC
resource "aws_vpc" "dev-env-vpc" {
  cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
}

# Create a Subnet in the VPC
resource "aws_subnet" "dev-env-subnet-1" {
  vpc_id             = aws_vpc.dev-env-vpc.id
  cidr_block         = "10.0.10.0/24"
  availability_zone  = "eu-west-3a"
}


### 3. Initialize Terraform
Initializes the necessary plugins for communication with the providers and sets up the backend:
```hcl
terraform init

### 4. Plan the Execution 
#### Shows the execution plan and the changes that will be applied to your infrastructure. Displays the resources that will be added, removed, or modified

``` hcl
 terraform  plan
 ```
### 5.  Apply the Plan to Provision the Resource
 #### Applies the configurations you have declared in your different files, creates, deletes, or modifies the resources in your infrastructure:
 ``` hcl
 terraform apply
  ```
